DOC-2524: Update: Using Comments (Comments) (#3457)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/comments-using-comments.adoc

= Using {productname} {pluginname}
:navtitle: Using Comments
:description: How to add, edit, resolve, and remove comments in {productname}
:keywords: comments, commenting, tinycomments
:pluginname: Comments
:plugincode: comments

== Overview

> This guide provides comprehensive instructions for managing comments, including how to xref:add-a-comment[add comments] to selected content, xref:edit-a-comment[edit existing comments], and xref:delete-a-comment[delete individual comments] or xref:delete-a-comment-thread-conversation[entire conversation threads]. It explains the process of xref:resolve-a-comment-thread-conversation[resolving comment threads] and xref:show-or-view-a-comment[viewing comments] using the sidebar. The document also covers features like xref:delete-all-comment-threads[deleting all comment threads] in a document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides visual instructions for using the comments plugin, including how to xref:add-a-comment[add new comments] to selected content, xref:reply-to-comment[replying to comments], xref:edit-a-comment[edit existing comments], and xref:delete-a-comment[delete individual comments] or xref:delete-a-comment-thread-conversation[entire conversations]. It also covers the process of xref:resolve-a-comment-thread-conversation[resolving conversations], xref:show-or-view-a-comment[viewing comments] using the sidebar, and xref:delete-all-comment-threads[deleting all conversations] in a document.
```
I think it might be worth adding a guide on replying to comments too, now that it's a little more complicated. Also, opening a conversation with multiple replies, and showing and navigating all the current conversations in the sidebar.

Author: @MitchC1999 - `reply-to-comment` doesnt exist as such, as we only have `Add comment...` when a conversation or card is focused, so adding a guide to this might be considered a duplicate IMO.

In regards to adding documentation about keyboard navigation, tabbing into or selecting cards..., at this stage this is something I have been advised we will not be adding.

Let me know your thoughts before i resolve this thread.

Author: Added guide to reply to comment [in this commit](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3457/commits/056d29e20da063b265d802338f685aa8e5955691)

> This guide provides comprehensive instructions for managing comments, including how to xref:add-a-comment[add comments] to selected content, xref:edit-a-comment[edit existing comments], and xref:delete-a-comment[delete individual comments] or xref:delete-a-comment-thread-conversation[entire conversation threads]. It explains the process of xref:resolve-a-comment-thread-conversation[resolving comment threads] and xref:show-or-view-a-comment[viewing comments] using the sidebar. The document also covers features like xref:delete-all-comment-threads[deleting all comment threads] in a document.

Author: Pending resolution of response to [this](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3457#discussion_r1785666010)

> This guide provides comprehensive instructions for managing comments, including how to xref:add-a-comment[add comments] to selected content, xref:edit-a-comment[edit existing comments], and xref:delete-a-comment[delete individual comments] or xref:delete-a-comment-thread-conversation[entire conversation threads]. It explains the process of xref:resolve-a-comment-thread-conversation[resolving comment threads] and xref:show-or-view-a-comment[viewing comments] using the sidebar. The document also covers features like xref:delete-all-comment-threads[deleting all comment threads] in a document.

Author: Adding in this [commit](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3457/commits/056d29e20da063b265d802338f685aa8e5955691) and included the new guide and images.

[[edit-a-comment]]
== Edit a comment

Follow this procedure to edit a comment.

. Click on the ellipsis image:icons/image-options.svg[(ellipsis - 3 horizontal dots)] icon above the comments box to expand the menu.
+
image:comment-edit-existing-comment-ellipsis.png[Edit Existing Comment Ellipsis, width=500,height=auto]
+
. Select *Edit* from the menu items.
+
image:comment-edit-comment.png[Edit Comment, width=500, height=auto]
+
. The comment field now displays a blue `focus` border and becomes editable.
. Make the required changes to the comment.
. Click *Save* to store the changes.
+
image:comment-edited-comment.png[Comment Edited Comment, width=500, height=auto]
+
. Or press *Cancel* to discard the changes before saving.

[[delete-a-comment]]
== Delete a comment

Follow this procedure to delete a comment.

[NOTE]
This option is not available for the first comment in a conversation.

. Click on the ellipsis image:icons/image-options.svg[(ellipsis - 3 horizontal dots)] icon above the comments box to expand the menu.
. Select *Delete* from the menu items.
. The following options will appear in the comments sidebar:
+

> image:comment-delete-comment.png[Delete Comment, width=500, height=auto]

Author: [Resolved in](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3457/commits/16dc5b79fe2284cc66f8d95108179c3ec50e5ea0)
